##P4
a) Adding the two bytes gives 11000001. Taking the one¡¯s complement gives 00111110.  
b) Adding the two bytes gives 01000000; the one¡¯s complement gives 10111111.  
c) First byte = 01010100; second byte = 01101101.   

##P15
It takes 12 microseconds (or 0.012 milliseconds) to send a packet, as 1500*8/10^9=12 microseconds. In order for the sender to be busy 98 percent of the time, we must have util = 0.98 = (0.012n) / 30.012 or n approximately 2451 packets.   

##P34
At any given time t, SendBase ¨C 1 is the sequence number of the last byte that the sender knows has been received correctly, and in order, at the receiver. The actually last byte received (correctly and in order) at the receiver at time t may be greater if there are acknowledgements in the pipe. Thus SendBase¨C1 <= LastByteRcvd   

##P43
In this problem, there is no danger in overflowing the receiver since the receiver¡¯s receive buffer can hold the entire file. Also, because there is no loss and acknowledgements are returned before timers expire, TCP congestion control does not throttle the sender. However, the process in host A will not continuously pass data to the socket because the send buffer will quickly fill up. Once the send buffer becomes full, the process will pass data at an average rate or R << S.   

##P46
a) Let W denote the max window size measured in segments. Then, W*MSS/RTT = 10Mbps, as packets will be dropped if the maximum sending rate exceeds link capacity. Thus, we have W*1500*8/0.15=10*10^6, then W is about 125 segments.  
b) As congestion window size varies from W/2 to W, then the average window size is 0.75W=94 segments. Average throughput is 94*1500*8/0.15 =7.52Mbps.  
c) When there is a packet loss, W becomes W/2. (125 - 62) *0.15 = 9.45 seconds, as the number of RTTs is 63. Recall the window size increases by one in each RTT.